feat(HACBS-1863): document tests provided by the build pipeline (#330)
redhat-appstudio/build-definitions: task/clair-scan/0.1/README.md

# clair-scan task

## Description:

> Perform vulnerability scanning of container images and reports any discovered vulnerabilities.

Reviewer: Maybe we could also expand on this by mentioning that the Clair scanner is used and linking to the Clair documentation page (https://quay.github.io/clair/whatis.html).

Author: ack -  I updated the description to reference Clair and also linked to the documentation. I was conflicted when adding on more sections to the readme than what could potentially get scraped from the yaml but I think have referencing documentation is necessary.

Reviewer: Thanks!

# clair-scan task

## Description:

> The clair-scan task performs vulnerability scanning uses Clair, an open source tool for performing static analysis

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The clair-scan task performs vulnerability scanning using Clair, an open source tool for performing static analysis
```

Author: Thanks for the good comments @hongweiliu17, you caught numerous typos I glanced right over. They should all be fixed in the most recent patch.

on container images. Clair is specifically designed for scanning container images for security issues by
analyzing the components of a container image and comparing them against Clair's vulnerability databases.

## Params:

| name         | description                                 |
|--------------|---------------------------------------------|
| image-digest | Image digest to scan.                       |

> | image-url    | Url to image.                               |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| image-url    | Image URL.                               |
```

> | docker-auth  | Folder with config.json for container auth. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| docker-auth  | Folder where container authorization in config.json is stored. |
```

> ## Params:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Results:
```

| name              | description        |
|-------------------|--------------------|

> | HACBS_TEST_OUTPUT | Test output.       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| HACBS_TEST_OUTPUT | Tekton task test output.       |
```
